fix(account): documentation wording (#1864)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/how-to/close-account.mdx

</Message> 

1. Open the Organization dropdown menu at the top-right corner of the Scaleway console, and click **Organization**.
2. Scroll down to the **Deactivate Organization** section.
  
3. Click the **Deactivate Organization** button once you have read and agreed with the warning message.
    <Message type="note">
      The **Deactivate Organization** button only displays if you are the [Owner](/console/my-account/concepts/#owner) of your [Organization](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#organization).
    </Message>
4. Type **Deactivate** to confirm your decision. 

> 5. Select the reasons why you deactivate your Organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select the reasons why you are deactivating your Organization. 
```

> 5. Click **Deactivate Organization** to deactivate your Organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click **Deactivate Organization** to deactivate your Organization.
```
